let's see this man who is
pure character below zero
is that randomly in everything that opens this
he deflates it so that his brother arrives
Pablo and set the dial in the rooms
backs and the third requalification of the
rider has a base of 8 4
additional good from a hand where the
clean of pre such and one stand and
be thrown accumulated 11 more than 13 time
total because the poet king already told us
nezahualcóyotl is this perhaps the only
true not forever just a little
on earth and so these men
taking advantage to put the trap here
beast what the goat is near there arose
this phrase until the bull gets tired
suffocate and when it does, it will
cut the length of the rope is going to
have quietecito so that ending his
pablo bloomed to be a arrives and the
trap in the hindquarters and release
the gentlemen of the band that does not know of
winces or his bread le charrosqueado juan
for the people of the state of mexico come
Lords of the band thanks
pablo cerón second place in skin of
I roll with 31 points in 2011 on ranch
the biznaga of ranch the biznaga and in
Puebla de los Angeles to effect my friend
it even seems when a server got married
when they put the menorca ribbon or
compadre there is wind to how very terms
campiranos and ungrateful bull do not drag
the neighbors
let's see the nicked cabbage of pablo and
pako are brothers that the charreria
has made inseparable in meaning
opposite and where they are ovation from the
public congressman
the first pitcher salvador muñoz
starting face with a spring
that starts on the right side and goes out
the left side after releasing the
rope and arranging this series of
earrings that come and go before the
charro sharing his horse
the magic of the flourish
these charros that turn their reata into
an extension of your arm and your
imagination like at this moment in the
that the charro stopped leaving printed a
spring that tried to cover the head
of the horse and the judges will determine
in what is or is not credit in advance
the charo is giving us these
ornaments covers the big room like
great the hope of hitting the
first chance the charro you see
that reviews detail
time space distance commands
to the room trying to throw so
difficult running the animal laughs
watching his horse to the race and
after trying to close to be able
sing victory
changing in the back and tearing in
one and another occasion to later return
change and receive this spring that
seeks to cover the head of the spoiled
and to each of the judges according to
your appreciation in the different points
change your horse to assure us it's going
to try an expensive auction sending
the air and wrapping the animal well
sherrill also the charro pelador
crouching the body trying to ensure
this skin of the ring seems that the
south effect experience and now
Let's go well with one that has
ranch cattle and do not live too far away
leaving the bull lying on the sand
San Julian's team and taking the
applause and recognition